what exactly is ai and why are you
hearing about it everywhere i used to
work at google so let me break it down
for you artificial intelligence is not
actual intelligent it just means that a
really intelligent human has programmed
a computer with a really long list of
directions for what to do for a computer
to play chess using ai it doesn't
actually know how chess works it's just
been given a long list of directions the
rules of chess and what it can do in
every possible situation the advantage
that computers have over humans is they
can hold a lot more data in their brains
than we can but that doesn't make ai
smart just really good at following
direction now machine learning or ml
works a bit differently rather than
teaching a computer to play chess by
programming in all the rules instead you
teach it to play chess by letting it
watch millions of different chess games
and it sucks up all that data and from
that draws its own conclusions about how
chess is played this is how humans learn
language we don't read babies the
dictionary we talk around them and read
around them that's what makes machine
learning so cool the machine is actually
learning something but only based on the
data that humans give it which is why
just because something's decided by an
algorithm it does not mean it's not
biased so when you hear people throwing
around words like ai or ml it doesn't
mean the machines are taking over it
just means that really intelligent
humans have trained machines to augment
what we know about the world and what we
can accomplish